# brave-history
Search Brave browser history from the command-line.

**CAVEAT: I wrote this tool but then discovered that updates to the History sqlite file were delayed, which is not suitable for my use cases. I am sharing this code because it might be useful and I wrote it.**

**My search for this feature continues on Stack exchange:
https://superuser.com/questions/1895909/query-brave-chrome-vivaldi-chromium-history-from-the-command-line
**

## Motivation
History is useful; GUIs are irritating; the command-line has a lot of features.

People often remeber information about the pages they have visiting on the internet and then want to refer to it for further work, quote it, or share it. This is one of the values of the history functionality in most browsers, but using the GUI interface that browser provides can be time consuming and fiddly. The command-line has a number of utilities (include custom one's generated by the user) for interacting with data. Additionally the command-line makes it possible to use data once found.

## Alternatives and prior work
It should be noted that much of the tooling for Chrome can be adapted to Brave.

Brave exposes and sqlite database with history. You may prefer to access this directly for your use cases, particularly if you want to remove dependencies.

[mozeidon](https://github.com/egovelox/mozeidon) is a command-line tool with a corresponding browser extension for Chrome which can fetch history, bookmarks and control tabs. I deemed the extension too heavy-weight for my purposes.
